fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a buffer created with .new is false for an internal buffer
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a buffer created with .new is false for a mapped buffer
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a file-backed buffer created with .map is false for a writable mapping
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a file-backed buffer created with .map is true for a readonly mapping
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a file-backed buffer created with .map is false for a private mapping
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a String-backed buffer created with .for is true for a buffer created without a block
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a String-backed buffer created with .for is false for a buffer created with a block
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a String-backed buffer created with .for is true for a buffer created with a block from a frozen string
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a String-backed buffer created with .string is false
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a slice of a buffer created with .new is false when slicing an internal buffer
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a slice of a buffer created with .new is false when slicing a mapped buffer
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a slice of a buffer created with .map is false when slicing a read-write file-backed buffer
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a slice of a buffer created with .map is true when slicing a readonly file-backed buffer
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a slice of a buffer created with .map is false when slicing a private file-backed buffer
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a slice of a buffer created with .for is true when slicing a buffer created without a block
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a slice of a buffer created with .for is false when slicing a buffer created with a block
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a slice of a buffer created with .for is true when slicing a buffer created with a block from a frozen string
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? with a slice of a buffer created with .string is false
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? is true for a buffer created with READONLY flag
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? is true for a buffer that is non-writable
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? is false for a modifiable buffer
fails:IO::Buffer#readonly? is false for a null buffer
